File Documentation:
server.php

Purpose of class: 
Manage the methods for every other class and regulate interactions with the database.

Data properties:
query- different variables part of database queries. They include:
	orderRequestNo
	itemNo
	item
	desc
	cost
	price
	quantity
	username
	password

Methods:
	general methods:
	login_user-
		pre-conditions- must have username and password.
		post-conditions- either both are invalid credentials, username is valid
				and password is invalid, or correct credentials and user
				logs in.


	manager methods:
	process_request-
		pre-conditions- warehouse employee must place an order for a shipment.
		post-conditions- the shipment gets added to inventory stock.

	decline_request-
		pre-conditions- warehouse employee must place an order for a shipment.
		post-conditions- the request gets deleted and nothing gets added to stock.
	
	place_order-
		pre-conditions- must have information necessary about item name and quantity.
		post-conditions- request gets sent to warehouse employee, where they must
				confirm shipment.

	new_item- 
		pre-conditions- manger must have info for new item.
		post-conditions- new item gets added to item list.


	warehouse employee:
	place_order_request-
		pre-conditions- must have information necessary about item name and quantity.
		post-conditions- request gets sent to manager, where they must
				confirm purchase.

	process_placeorder_request-
		pre-conditions- sales employee must place an order for a shipment.
		post-conditions- the shipment gets deducted from inventory stock.
	
	decline_placeorder_request-
		pre-conditions- sales employee must place an order for a shipment.
		post-conditions- the request gets deleted and nothing gets sold.

	process_shipment_request-
		pre-conditions- manager places an order, and shipment must get recieved.
		post-conditions- shipment confirmed as recieved, the shipment gets 
				added to inventory stock.
	
	decline_shipment_request-
		pre-conditions- manager places and order, and shipment not recieved.
		post-conditions- shipment not recieved, order declined, inventory
				not updated. 
	


	sales employee:
	place_purchase_request-
		pre-conditions- must have information necessary about item name and quantity.
		post-conditions- request gets sent to manager, where they must
				confirm sale.